# WuhanCoronavirus-Malaysia
Statistics of Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) in Malaysia<br>
Summary is<br>
https://drxyzw.github.io/WuhanCoronavirus-Malaysia/<br>
<br>
Case number analysis result is under /data folder.<br> 
<ul><li>Total</li>
<ul>
Nationwide total in Malaysia. The data is taken from Star online website.</li>
<li>totalRaw.csv - Raw data from Star online. Below data files are generated by this raw file.</li>
<li>dailyTotal.csv - Statistics of cumulative cases, deaths, recovered cases, and active cases. Cumulative cases are on confirmed basis.</li>
<li>dailyTotalChange.csv - Daily change of dailyTotal.csv.</li>
<li>dailyDynamics.csv - New cases vs cumulative cases. Any exponential growth is on y=x line.</li>
<li>latestTotal.csv - of cumulative cases, cumulative deaths, recovered and active cases. This shows composition on a pie chart.</li>
</ul>
<li>By state</li>
<ul>
Number for each state in Malaysia. The data is taken from Wikipedia.</li>
<li>byStateRaw.csv - Raw data from Wikipedia. Below data files are generated by this raw file.</li>
<li>totalInfectedByStates.csv - Cumulative cases of each state. Cumulative cases are on confirmed basis.</li>
<li>newDailyInfectedByStates.csv - Daily change of totalInfectedByStates.csv.</li>
<li>byStateDynamics.csv - New cases vs cumulative cases. Any exponential growth is on y=x line.</li>
</ul>
</ul>
Rt (effective reproduction number) analysis is under /Rt/data folder.<br>
<ui><li>[State name].csv - Rt of each state. Nationwide result is Malaysia.csv.</li></ui>
